Hello World!\n

The man sat, quietly thinking. He was not just a god, he was the God. The God who raised a thousand terrible storms. The God who caused the extinction of a thousand species. The God who created the universe. But He was a merciful God. The animals thanked him, for he had given them life. The rivers, trees, and nature, it was all there at a snap of His fingers. The moon. The sun. A million sunsets and sunrises, wished by the omnipotent Creator. 

The man sat, quietly thinking. A world alone was no world worth being in. So the man decided he needed companionship. The companion, he thought, must be cunning. A foolish companion was worth nothing, after all. So the man thought about what creatures he’d created that fit that description. He could make a fox. That’s a cunning creature, he thought. But the fox would be too nimble, if it ever ran away. So the man ruled out the fox. 

The man sat, quietly thinking. If he couldn’t befriend the fox, who else was there? A thought came to the man. The rat. A rat would be cunning. But would it be the companion worthy enough for the God? A rat, after all, was not very intimidating. Who would fear the man if his companion was as tiny as the rat. A companion worthy of the God would have to impose fear. A tiny creature like a rat would simply not do. So once again, the man was back to square one. 

The man sat, quietly thinking. Which creatures would strike the greatest fear into his subjects’ heats? That surely was the way to go, since he couldn’t find anyone cunning enough. There were the apex predators, so he considered them one by one. And one by one, he ruled them all out. Each predator had a fatal flaw; something that prevented them from claiming the title of God’s companion. The crocodile? It’s effectiveness was limited on land. A nimble piece of prey could easily escape the jaws of the crocodile. The man quickly ruled out the other apex predators for similar reasons. Was he being too harsh, the man considered. If he continued to deny everyone, then he would have no one. Maybe a perfect candidate wasn’t possible. So the man lowered his expectations. The companion, he thought, would still have to be a cunning one. 

The man sat, quietly thinking. the a the the the the the a
the the a the the a the the the the the a the the the a the the a the the a the
the a the a a a a a the the the the a the the the the the a the the the the the
a a the the the the the the the a the a a the the the a a a a the the a the a a
a a a the the the the the the a the the the the the the a a the a a the a a a
the the the a the the a the the a the the a the the a the the a the the a the a
the the a the the the a the the a the the a the a the the the the the the the
the a the the the the a the a a a the the the the a a the the the a the the a
the the a the a the the the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a a the
the the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a the a a a the the
the the the the the the the a the a the the the the the the a the the a the a
the the 

